
Current Functionality & Application Tour:

The application is split into two main frontend components. These are denoted by the Schedule and Update tab. Within the Schedule tab a dashboard exists which shows three sections consisting of today's appointments, future appointments, and missed appointments. This information however relevant may be helpful to the nurses and doctors in quickly scanning the status of a patient in relation to their appointments. The Today's Appointment section display all appointments that are listed for today's calendar date. The phone number of the patient and the time of the appointment are displayed for a quick reference. Additionally there is functionality which allows the user to mark the appointment as deleted, mark the patient making the appointment, and creating a new appointment directly there. The future and missed appointment tabs simply offer information relevant to the coming appointments and appointments that patients did not make respectively. Moving to the Update tab there is a search bar with a date filter functionality. This allows the user to search for appointments either by date or by the patient name. Once a particular appointment is found the user is able to update the time, status, or date of the appointment. Additionally there is an option to delete the appointment if needed. Moving toward the right side of this page is a new appointment button. This button, when clicked, allows the user to create a new appointment and on create gets pushed to the airtable database. This button produces the same interface that pushing the create appointment button under the today's appointments tab does. Finally there is an about page toward the right side of the page which describes the developers of the application and the original client.

Bugs, Assumptions, and Limitations

This application is not mobile friendly and therefore must only be used on a computer or laptop. Current assumptions when creating an appointment is that the name is properly inserted into the name field (we do no error handling), the time is not restricted to a specific set of time frames (12:00am appointment is an option that can be selected), and there is no error checking in terms of how the phone number is inserted. It is simply a field where numbers can be put, it is up to the user to make sure the correct phone number has been inserted. Another known limitation is that with the Future appointment tab, the dates are not sorted chronologically. This may cause confusion and requires the user to search through the tab for specific dates. A similar bug exists within the missed appointments tab where the people that are shown are slightly randomized and thus may not give consistent or helpful information. There exists a bug where as the time approaches ~9pm the day switches on the application and tomorrow's appointments are listed under today's appointments. This shouldn't cause large problems if the clinic only runs till 5pm. 

Platforms

This application has been used on both mac and windows operating systems (not been tested on any linux distributions). The application has only been tested on Google Chrome as that is also the standard web browser used by our client.
